The above definition is general. The only assumption made is that for every question there is an answer candidate pool. In practice, the pool can be easily built by using a gen- eral search engine like Google Search or an information re- trieval software library like Apache Lucene.We created a data set by collecting question and answer pairs from the internet. All these question and answer pairs are in the insurance domain. The construction of this insur- ance domain QA corpus was driven by the intense scientific and commercial interest in this domain. We released this cor- pus 1 to create an open QA task, enabling other researchers to utilize it and supporting a fair comparison among different methods. The corpus consists of four parts: train, develop- ment, test1 and test2. Table 1 gives the data statistics. All experiments conducted in this paper are based on this corpus. To our best knowledge, it is the first time an insurance domain QA task has been released.Our QA task requires specifying an answer candidate pool for each question in the development, test1 and test2 parts of the corpus. The released corpus contains totally 24 981 unique answers. It is possible to use the whole answer space as the candidate pool, so that each question must be compared with 24 981 answer candidates. However, this is impractical due to time consuming computations. In this paper, we set the pool size to be 500, so that it is both practical and still a challenging task. We put the ground truth answers into the pool and randomly sample negative answers from the answer space until the pool size reaches 500.The technology described in this paper with the released data set and benchmark task is targeting potential applications like online customer service. Hence it is not supposed to han- dle question answering tasks that require reasoning, e.g. is tomorrow Tuesday? (answer depends on if today is Monday.) The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Sec. 2 describes the different architectures used this work; Sec. 3 provides the experimental setup details; experimental results and discus- sions are presented in Sec. 4; Sec. 5 contains related work and finally we draw conclusions in Sec. 6.